## Data privacy

Your data privacy is important to us, so we take the necessary precautions to limit who can access your data to keep it secure. Here we explain how we take care of your data and strive to ethically follow data sharing guidelines so you can hopefully feel comfortable using our services.

After submitting your data to PCNportal, your input data files are transferred to a dedicated storage system at the Donders Institute, Center for Cognitive Neuroimaging, through a secure connection (an SSH connection). In this storage system, only authorised members of our core development team and the center's IT team have access to your data for purposes like debugging and application development. The team will strictly uphold privacy and will not inspect the data contents for any other purpose than debugging upon request of the user. These data are retained on our servers for a period of 30 days, after which they are permanently deleted.

When your results are obtained, they are transferred to a secure public file server that manages the dissemination of the results. The output of these models is a set of fit metrics and Z-scores, which are also only retained for a period of 30 days before being deleted. The Z-scores are individual-level measures and while they are not directly traceable to a given individual, they should be given the same care that would be afforded to the data, because together with the model parameters, the Z-statistics can be used to reconstruct the original data. Therefore, we strongly recommend that data should be (pseudo-)anonymised before using our services. Also, it is the responsibility of the users of this system to ensure that appropriate permissions are in place for the sharing of such pseudo-anonymised data (e.g. that participants providing data have provided consent for their data to be transferred and used for this purpose).

The only personally identifiable data used by PCNportal is the email address that you provide for us to alert you when your results are ready for download. Upon sending an email to your email address with a link to download your results, your email address will be automatically deleted from our Gmail server. The email address will also temporarily be stored on our private servers for a period of 30 days along with the data and results, before also being permanently deleted.

In summary, we aim to ensure that your data is treated with the utmost care, putting a range of measures in place to preserve your privacy while maintaining an optimally functioning application. If you have any questions or concerns, please let us know through the contact details mentioned on the home page (including Gitter) and our data privacy experts will be happy to help.
